---
comments: true
date: 2012-12-31 20:30:00
published: true
layout: post
slug: 2013
title: "2013"
---

According to the Gregorian calendar, a new year is coming. 

I'm not gonna waste my time -nor yours- making promises, wishing things and all that crappy stuff. 2012 has been good and bad, I want 2013 to stay that way, but I will keep that to me and I'm going to expose what I've thought about the blog and what I want to do with it during 2013.
<!-- more -->
- First of all, the **#AppSunday** thing: doing it. I've missed the last two because of the date and also I wasn't really in the mood to write a word either. I really want to do it, so I will keep writing a Sunday post about apps and stuff as long as I've something about to write.

- As for *new technologies*, the reason I do not write too much about developing is because I do not think I'm a good programmer. I can't think I'm either good nor bad for something I **love**. I develop just because I enjoy it, as I've the bless that it's also my job. But after a lot of thinking, I'm going to post some micro-entries about new things I'm using -that could be things you already know long time ago- like PaaS services, libraries and stuff in general. I've a draft about *how to copy a mysql record with one SQL statement*, for example. If people like the posts as I like writing them, I will keep on with it.

- Also, this last year has been really… complete? I've started a lot of new projects -I really mean it, a lot of things whisper around my mind and some of it already have drafts and time invested on them-, so I've thought writing about its evolution. I don't know if I will make individual posts of each project or a weekly summary of all of them -or at least the ones I've worked that week-, but I want to share experiences, problems, solutions, technologies, *code*… with you.

- I still don't know if I will write personal experiences/opinion posts. I assumed that I will decide it when the time comes.

- There won't be a "What I've done in the last six months" post anymore. The one that is already in the blog will be purged when the translation is completed.

Now, get off the screen, eat a lot and get drunk. Today is the day.

Happy new year!